I. In the calendar tab, first see that the database has already populated some example shifts at the bottom
	2. Make some of your own shifts:
		A. type a name of your employee
		B. choose a value for every drop down (in order of month, day, year, start, end)
		C. press save shift
			i. if all inputs are given, the shift should be shown in pending
			ii. if one value is not given, no new shift should be shown in pending
	3. Test pending
		A. Start a shift in the pending category by pressing the button on the right ("start")
			i. the same information should now be shown in "in progress"
		B. remove another shift in pending by pressing remove (also on the right)
	4. Test in progress
		A. complete a shift in the pending category by pressing the button on the right ("complete")
			i. the shift information should now be shown in "completed"
		B. remove another shift in pending by pressing remove (also on the right)
	5. Test complete
		A. remove a shift in pending by pressing remove (also on the right)
--------------
II. In the inventory tab, first see that the database has populated some example values in the tables
	2. Test each add function by inputting the name, quantity and meals it is used in, then pressing add
		A. if all inputs are given the value should be shown in only that table
		B. if one input is not given nothing should be added to the table
	3. Test each delete button by pressing the button on the right of an entry
		A. that entire row should be removed
	4. Test each stock button:
		A. if an item begins in stock, under the in stock heading will be a "went out of stock?" button and the out of stock column is empty. when the button is pressed, the cell should become empty and a new button under the out of stock column will appear. 
		B. If an item is out of stock, there should be no entry in the in stock column and a button in the out of stock column.  By pressing the "in stock?" button, the row should be returned to its original view in A
	5. Test adding an item to the menu:
		A. enter the name, price, production cost, and if it contains dairy, nuts or no meat
		B. choose the type of menu item (app, entree, etc)
			i. if all inputs are present, go to the menu tab and see that it was added to the appropriate menu
			ii. if one input is missing, nothing should be added in the menu tab
---------------
III. In the profits tab, see that the profits and costs tables are populated with database data
	2. Test the profits table by adding appropriate inputs and clicking add on the bottom left of the page
		A. if all inputs are present, row will be added to profits
	3.Test the costs table by adding appropriate inputs and clicking add on the bottom right of the page
		A. if all inputs are present, row will be added to costs
			i. the table at the bottom of the page will be refreshed to show the average before this element
---------------
IV. In the menu tab, see that the menu tables are populated with database data
	2. click a filter to see if items with that product disappear from the table
	3. to get those elements back, refresh the page
	4. click the takeout link
		A. see that the table reflects the menu in the database
		B. choose some (or no) meal items and click submit for each category
			i. the bottom of the page should update the sum total
			ii. click enter order
				a. if no items were selected, a pop up will remind you to do so
				b. if at leat one item is selected, be brought to an information page.
					-- enter your personal information
					--select place order
						--if there are unfilled inputs, you will be prompted to fill in the field
						--when correct, you will be brought back to the menu page
	5. click the reservations link
		A. enter your personal information
				i. select submit reservation
						--if there are unfilled inputs, you will be prompted to fill in the field
						--when correct, you will be brought to a thank you page. You can choose where to go from there

